===================================================================
  ɴᴜʟʟꜱᴄᴀᴘᴇ ꜰꜰᴀ  -  FFACore 2.29.0 upload
===================================================================

ALREADY ON 2.13.x OR ANYTHING NEWER?
  1. In plugins/ on the server, delete the old FFACore jar.
  2. Upload plugins\FFACore-2.29.0.jar.
  3. Restart.
  That's all - no other file. Do NOT upload kits.yml again: it
  would replace the kits you have set up since. Never delete the
  FFACore folder - your kits, NPCs, holograms and shop live in it.

NEW IN 2.29.0 - everything sorted into folders
  plugins/FFACore is no longer 22 files side by side. Every
  feature has its own folder, and each folder holds EVERYTHING
  about that feature - its settings, its screens and its
  messages:

    crates/         crates.yml    gui.yml  messages.yml
    leaderboards/   holograms.yml gui.yml  messages.yml
    kits/           kits.yml      gui.yml  messages.yml
    shop/           shop.yml      gui.yml  messages.yml
    black-market/   blackmarket.yml  config.yml (Coin Rush)
                    gui.yml  messages.yml
    quests/         quests.yml    gui.yml  messages.yml
    killstreaks/    killstreaks.yml  gui.yml  messages.yml
    pvp/            pvp.yml  cooldowns.yml  balance.yml
                    config.yml (combat tag, caps)  gui.yml
                    messages.yml
    npcs/           npcs.yml      gui.yml  messages.yml
    announcements/  announcements.yml  gui.yml  messages.yml
    playtime/  rules/  item-rules/   the same three each
    media/  ender-chest/  trash/  admin/  spawn/  afk/
    social/  bounty/                 their own pieces
    general/        settings.yml  sounds.yml, the shared
                    icons + look, the hub, the chat prefix

  config.yml STAYS at the top - it holds the database and the
  Tebex settings, and nothing about those changed.

  YOU DO NOTHING. On the first start of 2.29.0 your files are
  moved into the folders by themselves, every value exactly as
  you had it, comments included. The originals are copied to
  plugins/FFACore/backups/before-folders-<date>/ first, so
  nothing can be lost. The console says it once:
    "Config sorted into feature folders: ..."

  Editing: open the folder of what you want to change. The
  in-game editors (/ffa balance, the shop editor, kit editor)
  write into the right folder on their own. If you ever paste a
  section into the wrong file - say crate screens into
  general/gui.yml - it moves itself home on the next start.

  If a file has a YAML mistake in it, the console now names the
  exact file (e.g. "kits/gui.yml"), and FFACore will NOT write
  over it until you fix it - it runs on the defaults meanwhile.
  (Before, a broken file could get replaced with defaults.)

  Your database backup of the configs keeps working exactly as
  before, old copies included - a copy taken before the folders
  restores straight into them.

  VERIFIED on the test server with a real 2.24.3 plugin folder:
  19 files moved into 56 across 22 folders, 169 checks, 0 failed
  - every screen, kit, shop and editor still working from the
  folders. Then restarted AND /ffa reload: all 66 files byte for
  byte identical, nothing moved twice, no second backup.

NEW IN 2.28.1 - tidying, and no more dropped items
  NO DROPS   Claiming a kit never throws anything on the floor
             again. If what you are carrying will not fit
             alongside the kit, the whole claim is put back
             exactly as it was and refused with "no room" -
             nothing taken, nothing charged, nothing lost.
  Kit pages  The kit screen is 2 pages, with ONE arrow in the
             bottom-right corner: left-click turns forward,
             right-click turns back, same as the ender chest.
             Put a kit on the second page with  page: 2  under
             it in kits.yml. The staff book and capture button
             moved off the corner to 25 and 24.
  Confirm    Tooltips cut down: TAKE IT is just the cost, NOT
  screen     NOW is one line, and the kit tile is cost, the
             inventory warning, and that bought items are kept.
             No striped bars.
  Black      Offers now sit CHEAPEST FIRST, left to right, so
  market     the row reads as a price list. Tooltips lost the
             vanilla attribute block ("When in Main Hand: 5
             Attack Damage"), which was making the spear's
             tooltip twice as tall as the offer. "2 left." and
             "Left-click to buy." are now small caps.
  Coin Rush  Two lines instead of seven: what it does and for
             how long, then what it counts for.

  VERIFIED on the test server: 141 checks, 0 failed - including
  the page arrow turning both ways, the market row coming out
  in price order (900 -> 1,600 -> 3,750 -> 9,600), every offer
  hiding its attribute block, and a live 2.28.0 gui.yml
  upgrading itself to the 2-page kit screen on boot.

  NOTE: if a kit tile shows a stray "Empty" under its tooltip,
  that kit's icon is a bundle - change its material in kits.yml
  and it goes away. That line is drawn by the client, not us.

NEW IN 2.28.0 - the two you asked for
  Ender chest FIXED: you can take things back out again.
              Items already stored were being drawn as part of
              the menu itself, and the menu refuses to let
              anything move its own furniture - so a reopened
              chest let you put items IN and never out. Stored
              items are now placed as yours, and stay clickable.
              Nothing in anyone's chest is touched by this.
  Carts       The nerf is GONE. TNT minecarts hit and blast
              exactly like vanilla again - 100% damage, 100%
              blast. The two tiles are still in /ffa balance, so
              you can nerf them again any time; they just ship at
              vanilla now. Your server's balance.yml updates
              itself on restart: it was at 60% / 80%, and that
              moves to 100% / 100% on its own.
              The mace nerf is UNCHANGED (still 85%).

  Media screen The MEDIA RANK tile and the WHAT YOU GET tile are
              gone. The screen is the three platforms and Apply,
              centred, nothing else. Apply is two lines now:
              what to do, and click for the invite.
  Kits        Claiming ANY kit now clears the inventory first, and
              the confirmation warns you before it does. Cleared
              does not mean destroyed - anything that is not that
              kit's own gear (a crossbow from the shop, a bought
              potion) is handed straight back. Turn it off with
              clear-inventory-always: false in kits.yml.
  Confirm     The "take this kit?" window only opens when the kit
              can REALLY be claimed. On cooldown, in combat, wrong
              area, cannot afford it - it now just tells you,
              instead of opening a window that then refuses. That
              is the popup that seemed to appear at random.
  Offhand FIXED: a kit's offhand item always lands in the offhand.
              It used to stand aside when something was already
              there and get pushed into the overflow, which is why
              it "sometimes didn't load". Whatever was in the way
              is handed back, not destroyed.
  Particles   The potion swirls are off. Every player carries
              speed, strength and fire resistance, so everyone was
              trailing particles permanently. The HUD icons still
              show, so you can see what you are carrying. Put them
              back per effect with particles: true in kits.yml.
              (The ambient ones - streak trails, NPC sparkle,
              spawn helix and burst - were already off.)

  ALSO IN THIS BUILD - the work that was half-finished when you
  said to stop. It is all tested, but it is new, so it is worth
  knowing it is in there:
  Ghost hits  A weapon still on cooldown no longer has its hit
              CANCELLED (that was the ghost hit). It lands for a
              capped amount instead. cooldowns.yml gained
              on-cooldown: weaken and max-damage per entry.
  /rules      A rules screen with seven rules, editable in
              rules.yml, plus a "rules" NPC action so it can be
              put on an NPC.
  Kit pages   The kit menu has two pages; each kit takes
              page: 1 or 2 in kits.yml.
  Kit unlocks A kit can cost coins/tokens, either bought once
              (unlock-cost) or rented by the day (unlock-days).
              /kit unlock <player> <kit> [days] and
              /kit revoke <player> <kit>. Every kit still free
              unless you price it - the booster kit is the
              example, at 25,000 for a day.
  Double      Claiming a kit and buying one both ask twice.
  confirm
  Black market Four offers a cycle instead of two, spread out.

  NOT DONE YET - say the word and these are next:
    - Shield-breaking hit issues (that one is PvPCore, not here)
    - Trade system, chat colours for coins, the 21-tile daily
      login calendar, the crate GUI/config rework

  VERIFIED on the test server: 130 checks, 0 failed - including
  a stored ender chest item being picked up again after a
  reopen, a 20-damage cart hit staying 20, a 4.0 blast staying
  4.0, a kit's totem landing in the offhand over something
  already there (and that something handed back), no confirm
  window for a kit on cooldown, the media screen with both
  tiles gone and Apply centred, and a live 2.27.1 gui.yml and
  balance.yml upgrading themselves on boot.

  Includes everything in 2.27.1 and below.

NEW IN 2.27.1 - playtime and media tidied up
  Playtime    Rebuilt like the killstreak ladder: a small 27-slot
              window, grey from edge to edge, with the seven
              rewards as ONE unbroken row across the middle - no
              empty rows under them and no gaps between them.
              Each rung is a coloured CANDLE, lime through to red
              as the hours go up, so the row reads as one set. A
              reward you can claim glows; a claimed one keeps its
              candle and gets a tick. No red close button in the
              corner (press Escape, like the kit menu).
  Media       Same treatment: 27 slots, grey throughout, the three
              platforms side by side in the middle as coloured
              candles, with What You Get and Apply under them.
              No scattered red corners.
  Requirements Set to yours:
                YouTube   100+ subscribers, 4 videos a month,
                          100+ views per video
                TikTok    200+ followers, 8 videos a month
                          about the server
                Twitch    100+ followers, 5-10 streams a month,
                          8-10 average viewers
              All of it is in gui.yml under media -> platforms.
  NPC list    /ffa npc now names every tile after what it DOES -
              "ᴘʟᴀʏᴛɪᴍᴇ ʀᴇᴡᴀʀᴅꜱ" and "ᴍᴇᴅɪᴀ ʀᴀɴᴋ" rather than
              "Clock" and "Spyglass". Both are in the list, ready
              to link to an NPC.

  VERIFIED on the test server again: 120 checks, 0 failed -
  including that neither window has a single empty hole in it,
  every rung is a different colour, and both new actions are in
  the NPC picker under their own names.

  Includes everything in 2.27.0 and below.

NEW IN 2.27.0 - double ender chest, playtime + media NPCs, Coin Rush, balance
  Ender chest The ender chest BLOCK now opens a double chest: 53
              slots and one small arrow in the bottom-right corner
              for page 2 (left-click forward, right-click back).
              The first 27 slots of page 1 are still the player's
              REAL ender chest, so nothing anyone stored moves.
              Old page-2 items load into the new, bigger page 2.
              No /enderchest and no /ec - /ec is gone. The open
              cooldown now covers the block too.
  Playtime    Rewards for hours played - 1h, 5h, 10h, 24h, 48h,
              100h and 250h - paying tokens, crate keys and Coin
              Rush potions. Counted from total time played, each
              claimed once, saved in the database. Link an NPC to
              it: look at it, /ffa npc, pick PLAYTIME REWARDS. Its
              label is the same clean style as your others
              ("Playtime Rewards" + "CLICK ME"). It's also on the
              /ffa menu. Edit the rewards in playtime.yml.
  Media       What it takes to get the Media rank - YouTube, TikTok
              and Twitch tiles, what they get, and an Apply button
              that gives the Discord invite. Link an NPC to MEDIA
              RANK the same way. Change the requirements in gui.yml
              under media -> platforms.
  Coin Rush   A new black market item: a golden potion. Drinking it
              gives 2x tokens and coins from kills, killstreaks,
              quests and AFK for one hour, with a bar across the
              top counting down. Never shop sales. Drinking another
              adds an hour (up to 3). 30,000 tokens (40,000 at 25%
              off), 3 in stock. It's added to your existing black
              market pool by itself; delete it in /ffa marketedit
              and it stays deleted.
  Balance     /ffa balance (or Balance in /ffa admin) - change it
              all in game:
                TNT carts    60% damage, 80% blast size
                Mace         85% damage (a slight nerf), max hit off
                Particles    killstreak trails, NPC sparkle and the
                             /spawn helix and burst are now OFF;
                             the cobweb puff stays on
              Every click saves and takes effect on the next hit.
  Fixed       The PvP panel's on/off switches showed as plain dyes
              with no name - YAML reads the word "on" as "true".
              Fixed there and in three other places.

  VERIFIED on a Leaf 1.21.11 test server with a real player (a
  Citizens NPC), upgrading a 2.24.3 config: 103 checks, 0 failed -
  the block opens the double chest, items land in the right place
  and survive a reload, page 2 and back, the cooldown, the carts,
  the mace, the potion, a playtime claim that can't be claimed
  twice, the media menu and both NPC labels.

  Includes everything in 2.26.0 and below.

NEW IN 2.26.0 - a new /ffa menu, and a full bug hunt
  /ffa        Rebuilt. Three labelled rows - PLAY (kits, shop,
              black market, crates), PROGRESS (quests,
              killstreaks, bounties) and UTILITY (ender chest,
              trash, settings, Discord) - and every tile shows
              something live: whether a kit is ready or how long
              until it is, your tokens and any sale running, when
              the black market restocks, your crate keys and when
              your next free one lands, quests done and waiting to
              be claimed, your streak and the next milestone, the
              bounty on your head and the biggest one out there.
              A tile GLOWS when something is waiting for you.
              Staff get the Admin Panel and Server Settings on the
              bottom row. Your server picks the new layout up by
              itself on restart.

  BUGS FIXED - the ones that could cost players items or money
  Kit editor  DUPE: pressing Q on an item in the kit layout editor
              dropped a real copy of it on the floor. The editor
              now only lets items be moved around inside it.
  Sell grid   Paid far too much: a shop line buying 64 cobblestone
              for 10 tokens paid 64 through the grid. It now pays
              exactly what /sellall pays, and grid sales are logged
              and move prices like every other sale.
  Shop        MONEY LOOP: a big /shop sale plus a rank discount (or
              a demand spike) could make buying an item and selling
              it straight back a profit. A sale now never pays more
              than the cheapest price anyone could buy it for.
  Stats       WIPE: if the database hiccuped while someone logged
              in, they played on zeros and the next save wrote the
              zeros over their real tokens and stats. A profile
              that did not load is now never saved, and the load is
              retried. Same fix for /ffa tokens on offline players.
  Quests      DOUBLE CLAIM: after a relog, a quest claimed earlier
              that day could be claimed again. Fixed, and claiming
              is now blocked in combat (a god apple mid-duel).
  Crates      Disconnecting during the spin took the key and gave
              nothing. The reward now always lands.
  Crates      Near spawn, crates opened for staff but did nothing
              for normal players (spawn protection / region
              plugins cancel the click). They now always work.
  Ender chest DUPE: saving a page twice quickly could land the older
              copy last and bring back an item you took out. The
              database now writes in the order things happen.
  NPCs        ANY player could look at an NPC and type
              /ffa npc unlink to break it. Staff only now.
  Combat      /echest and /shop sellall now refuse mid-fight, like
              the bin already did - no banking your loot or selling
              your inventory a second before you die.
  Also        hourly keys wait for inventory room instead of being
              dropped for the ground cleaner to delete; playtime
              kept counting after a quick relog now; the player
              editor's +/- buttons no longer lose fast clicks; a
              kit layout with a stack split in two now saves.

  Includes everything in 2.25.0 and below.

NEW IN 2.25.0 - a key every hour, and one panel for everything
  Hourly key  Every player now gets a VOTE key for every hour they
              spend on the server. Counted from their total time
              played, not the session, so relogging neither loses
              an hour nor pays for one twice - what has been paid
              is written down. Players already on the server start
              from where they are, so nobody gets forty keys the
              day you install this.
              Change it in crates.yml -> hourly-key:
                crate: vote     which crate the keys open
                amount: 1       how many each time
                minutes: 60     how long an hour is
                backfill: false pay for hours played before now
  Admin panel /ffa admin, or the new tile in /ffa, opens ONE screen
              with every operator panel on it: server settings,
              combat, crates, players, announcements, the shop
              editor, the black market, item rules, holograms, NPC
              links, kits and the glyph browser. A panel you lack
              the permission for is shown locked rather than
              hidden, so it looks the same for everybody.
  Crate panel /ffa crates gui (or the tile) lists every crate with
              its rewards, its rarest prize and the odds on it, how
              many blocks of it are placed, your own keys and its
              free-key timer. Click a crate to preview it exactly
              as a player sees it; right click to put a key in your
              hand for testing. The hourly key is shown on the same
              screen with how far into the current hour you are.
  Edit players /ffa players lists everybody online. Click a head to
              change their kills, deaths, streak, best streak,
              tokens and coins: left click adds, right click takes
              away, hold shift for ten, middle click to type an
              exact number. K/D is not editable because it is not
              stored - it is kills over deaths, so changing either
              moves it. There is a shift-click Wipe Stats button
              that leaves their balances alone.
              Online players only: editing somebody who is about to
              log in would be overwritten by their login.
  Includes everything in 2.24.6 and below.

NEW IN 2.24.6 - kits no longer eat what you were carrying
  The bug   A kit with "clear inventory" switched on emptied the
            whole inventory before handing the kit over. So a
            crossbow - or anything else you had bought, found or
            killed for - was DELETED the moment you took a kit or
            auto-kit gave you one on entering the arena. It looked
            random because it only happened to players who claim a
            kit, and only to the things the kit did not replace.
  The fix   Clearing now only clears the kit's OWN items. Anything
            else you are carrying is kept and put straight back,
            and dropped at your feet only if there is no room for
            it. Yesterday's kit sword still goes, so kits do not
            stack up - your crossbow stays.
            This is the only place FFACore ever deleted a player
            item, and it does not any more.
  If it still happens after this, it is not FFACore. The next
  things to look at are any "clear inventory on world change"
  option in your lobby/queue plugin and anything else that hands
  out kits.
  Includes everything in 2.24.5 and below.

NEW IN 2.24.5 - /enderchest gone, trims kept
  /enderchest  Removed. The ender chest is /echest (or /ec) only.
              /enderchest is the name most other plugins give
              their own command, and whichever loaded first won
              in a way you could not see from in game.
  Trims       FFACore no longer hides the armour trim on any item
              it draws - a trimmed piece in a menu, a shop listing
              or a kit preview shows its trim like it does in your
              inventory. It was being hidden along with the
              attribute lines, which made a trimmed piece look
              like the plain one.
  Nothing lost A page of /echest is now checked before it is
              written: if what is in it would not come back
              exactly as it went in - a trim, a custom model,
              anything - the page is NOT written over and the
              console says so, instead of quietly replacing your
              items with a worse copy. The same goes the other
              way: if a stored page cannot be read (a database
              hiccup), it is shown empty but sealed, so closing
              the window can no longer erase what is still in the
              database.
  Includes everything in 2.24.4 and below.

NEW IN 2.24.4 - announcements redone, and made grand
  /ffa announce  Type it on its own and a window opens: pick how
              loud it should be, type the message in chat, and it
              shows you exactly what everyone will see BEFORE it
              goes out. "Show it to me" plays the whole thing -
              title, hotbar line, sounds and bar - to you alone.
              Nothing is sent until you press Send to everyone.
  10 levels   Quiet to loud, and the loud ones are named for what
              they are actually for:
                1 note         one grey line
                2 info         a line and a soft sound
                3 important    framed and spaced
                4 major        a title on everyone's screen
                5 alert        title, bar, two sounds
                6 event        something is starting now
                7 update       new things on the server
                8 maintenance  work is going on
                9 restart      the server is going down soon
               10 reset        SERVER RESET - wipes and seasons
              /ffa announce reset The map wipes at 8pm works too,
              and so does the number: /ffa announce 10 ...
  Much grander The loud levels are no longer one line of chat.
              They arrive as a block - a rule, a gradient heading
              between two glyphs, the message with air around it,
              a rule - plus a gradient title, a line on the hotbar
              and a BOSS BAR across the top that drains as it sits
              there. The sounds are layered now: two or three cues
              a few ticks apart, so it lands like an arrival
              instead of a ping. The reset is the biggest of them:
              a six-line block, a 15 second red bar and three
              sounds. The quiet levels are untouched - a note is
              still one grey line, because that is its job.
  Your server Your existing announcements.yml picks the new look
              up by itself on restart. Any level you restyled
              yourself is left exactly as you left it.
  Countdown   /ffa restart 10m updates is unchanged, but it now
              uses the new restart level on the way down.
  Also        announce and restart tab-complete now, and the level
              names complete after them.
  Editing     Each level's colours, title, sounds, bar and its
              tile in the picker live in one block in
              announcements.yml - add a level there and it gets a
              tile in the picker by itself. The top of that file
              explains every key.
  Includes everything in 2.24.2 and 2.24.1 below.

NEW IN 2.24.2 - PvPCore owns the combat
  PvP panel   When PvPCore is installed, FFACore's /ffacore pvp panel
              (shield delay, axe stuns, smooth pearls, knockback) now
              switches itself off. Both plugins were rewriting the same
              shield with different delays, which is what made shields
              "reload" and stuns land about half the time. The console
              says "PvP: PvPCore is installed ... stands down" on start.
              Without PvPCore the panel works exactly as before.
              Upload PvPCore 2.5.1 with this (Desktop\Nullscape PvPCore).
  Includes everything in 2.24.1 below.

NEW IN 2.24.1 - pre-pot level I, cobweb decay
  Pre-pot     Every kit now gets Speed I, Strength I and Fire
              Resistance I (was Speed II and Strength II). Your
              server picks this up by itself on restart - unless
              a kit has its OWN Speed or Strength set in the kit
              editor (/kit -> edit -> Effects); a kit's own effect
              wins over the pre-pot, so change those in game.
  Cobwebs     A cobweb a player places disappears 1 minute 30
              seconds later. A map's own webs are never touched.
              Switch: /ffa serversettings -> Cobweb Decay (on).
              Time: config.yml -> cobweb-decay -> seconds (90).

NEW IN 2.24.0 - the three things you reported
  Shield      The delay is 220ms now, inside the 200-250 you asked
              for, and it stops "reloading". It was worked out
              from your live ping, so it moved every time the ping
              did, and every move rewrote the shield - which makes
              the client draw it again. Two fixes: the ping is
              smoothed and the delay is rounded to 25ms steps, and
              a shield is NEVER rewritten while it is raised. It
              takes its new delay the moment you lower it.
  Stuns       They landed about half the time because the window
              for the follow-up hit was one tick - 50ms - and the
              second click has to cross your connection first. The
              window is 100ms now and is a setting:
              pvp.yml -> shield -> stun -> follow-up-window-ms,
              or the panel. Raise it toward 150 if your players
              are further away.
  Trash       Fixed the glitching. When the contents changed it
              rebuilt the whole window - emptying every slot and
              refilling it - which fights your client if you are
              mid-drag or holding a stack, so items jumped or
              looked like they vanished. Now only the buttons are
              redrawn, and never while you have something on the
              cursor.

NEW IN 2.23.0 - /echest, the PvP panel, announcements

  /echest      Your ender chest with a second page. Page 1 IS your
               real ender chest - the same items as the block in
               the world - and page 2 is extra, saved per player.
               Saved when you close it or turn the page, so a
               disconnect with it open cannot lose anything.
               config.yml, ender-chest: pages, and a permission if
               you ever want to sell page 2.

  /ffacore pvp The combat panel. Every click writes pvp.yml:
               - Shield delay, 150ms instead of vanilla's 250.
                 This is not a server setting anywhere: it lives on
                 the shield item, so FFACore rewrites that part of
                 the item and leaves the rest alone.
               - Ping compensation, so a 150ms player's block lands
                 when it looks like it landed.
               - Axe shield stuns, with the stun length in ticks,
                 and "follow-up hit lands" - which clears the
                 invulnerability that normally eats the second
                 click of the double-click.
               - Smooth pearls. Vanilla lands you where the pearl
                 was at the START of the tick it hit: short by up
                 to a block and a half, and sometimes inside a
                 wall. This lands you on the impact point.
               - Instant knockback, which is Leaf's own switch.
               - Knockback sync, with ping offset and the spike
                 threshold from your screenshot.

               IF YOU KEEP PvPCore: turn its shield and knockback
               switches OFF. Two plugins rewriting the same shield
               will fight and whichever writes last wins at random.

  Announcements  Five levels, quiet to loud:
               /ffa announce note      back in five
               /ffa announce 4         DOUBLE TOKENS FOR AN HOUR
               1 note, 2 info, 3 important, 4 major, 5 alert. The
               number and the name both work. 3 and up are framed,
               4 and 5 put a title on screen.

               /ffa restart 10m updates    start a countdown
               /ffa restart cancel
               /ffa restart status
               It gets louder as it runs down - a note at ten
               minutes, the full screen for the last ten seconds.
               It ONLY announces: restart.command in
               announcements.yml ships empty on purpose, so a chat
               command cannot take the server down unless you
               decide it should.

NEW IN 2.22.0 - SHULKER AND TRIM PRICES
  ꜱʜᴜʟᴋᴇʀꜱ  200 tokens, every colour.

  ᴛʀɪᴍꜱ  a trim is two choices, so it is two prices added up: the
  pattern, then the metal it is cut from.

      pattern     200   (silence 300)
      metal        50   (diamond 100, netherite 300)

  So the cheapest trim is 250 and silence in netherite is 600. Each
  screen shows the running total, so the metals page already reads
  as what the whole trim will cost. Rank discounts still come off
  the top as usual.

  Change any of it in shop.yml under pickers: - buy: is the price
  everything uses, prices: names the exceptions (that is where
  silence sits), material-buy: is what an unlisted metal adds and
  material-prices: names the dearer ones. A colour picker can take
  a prices: block too, if you ever want one shulker to cost more.

  These land on your server by themselves. If you had already
  edited a price by hand, yours is kept and you will need to set
  that one again.

FIXED IN 2.21.1 - EDITING A SHULKER OR TRIM PRICE
  /ffa shopedit -> the shulker or trim tile opened an empty window
  with no price fields in it. The editor looked the entry up inside
  its category, and those two belong to no category - they sit in
  their own pickers: list - so it decided the entry was gone. Both
  now open with buy, sell, per purchase, caps, currency and the
  rest, and a price typed there lands on the entry the shop reads.

NEW IN 2.21.0 - NOTHING NERFS AN ITEM ANY MORE
  Item rules are off: no enchantment trimming, no bans, no carry
  limits on pearls, god apples, totems or TNT, no disabled items.
  The cap on a single mace hit is off. The live TNT minecart cap is
  off. Turn any of them back on in /ffa serversettings - the rules
  themselves are still in items.yml, just not enforced.

  ᴛʜᴇ ᴀꜰᴋ ᴀʀᴇᴀ ɴᴏ ʟᴏɴɢᴇʀ ʜɪᴅᴇꜱ ᴀ ꜰɪɢʜᴛ. Standing in the circle used
  to make a player untouchable whatever they were doing, so somebody
  losing a fight could run into it mid-swing. A combat tag now
  switches the whole area off for that player: no protection, no
  payout, and no stay starts until the tag runs out.

NEW IN 2.20.0 - CRATE LABELS, PRE-POT, BUILDING
  ᴛʜᴇ ᴄʀᴀᴛᴇ ʟᴀʙᴇʟꜱ ᴀʀᴇ ꜰɪxᴇᴅ. The big name was landing in the
  middle of the lines instead of above them: a floating text block
  grows upwards from where it is pinned, so the title has to start
  above the whole body, not at a fixed height. The crates you have
  already placed are repaired on the first restart - the console
  says how many were lifted - and their labels are also stood
  upright, so leaning over one no longer tips the title into the
  text. Nothing to re-place.

  If two crates' labels still overlap each other, that is spacing
  rather than the plugin: give them a few more blocks, or lower
  view-distance on the "crate" template in holograms.yml so only
  the nearest one is drawn.

  ᴇᴠᴇʀʏ ᴋɪᴛ ɴᴏᴡ ᴘʀᴇ-ᴘᴏᴛꜱ Strength II and Speed II for 1:30. It is
  in kits.yml under default-effects and applies to every kit you
  have, including ones you made yourself - a kit that names the
  same effect still wins. Fire resistance is in that block too, at
  10 minutes, left as it was; delete it there if you don't want it.

  ʙᴜɪʟᴅɪɴɢ ɪꜱ ᴏᴘᴇɴ ɪɴ ᴛʜᴇ ᴀʀᴇɴᴀ. Players may break and place
  blocks in any map, except within 16 blocks of spawn - that cube
  stays untouchable so nobody can mine the platform out from under
  the people landing on it. The radius is spawn.protect-radius in
  config.yml (0 switches it off), and it measures from the spawn
  /ffa setspawn saved. Staff with ffacore.bypass.rules ignore it.

NEW IN 2.19.0 - AFK AREA
  Somewhere players can stand still safely and be paid a little
  for it.

  ᴛᴏ ꜱᴇᴛ ɪᴛ ᴜᴘ - two commands, both from inside the room:

      /ffa afk set            the middle, and where /afk lands
      /ffa afk radius 12      how far out it reaches

  /ffa afk info tells you where it is, how big, what it pays and
  how many are in it right now.

  ᴛᴏ ᴜꜱᴇ ɪᴛ  /afk sends them there and /afk again puts them back
  exactly where they were standing. Walking in on foot counts the
  same, and walking out ends it. /afk is refused while they are
  combat-tagged, like /spawn.

  ᴡʜɪʟᴇ ᴛʜᴇʏ ᴀʀᴇ ᴛʜᴇʀᴇ  120 tokens an hour by default, paid every
  five minutes so a dropped connection still pays for the time
  they were actually there. Nothing can hit them and they cannot
  hit out. Hunger stops.

  ᴛʜᴇ ʟɪᴍɪᴛ  1,500 tokens a day per player, kept in the database -
  a restart does not hand everybody a fresh allowance. Change the
  rate, the interval and the cap in config.yml under afk:, or set
  tokens-per-hour to 0 to leave it a plain safe bench.

  ᴀ ꜱɪɢɴ ꜰᴏʀ ɪᴛ  there is an "afk" hologram template - stand in
  the room and run

      /ffa holo create afkboard afk

  It shows the rate, what the reader has earned today and how many
  people are in the area.

NEW IN 2.18.0 - CRATES
  Seven crates, each a block in the world with a floating label
  over it and a key that opens it:

      ᴅᴀɪʟʏ ᴄʀᴀᴛᴇ                    (big, in the crate's colour)
      [chest] ʀɪɢʜᴛ ᴄʟɪᴄᴋ » ᴏᴘᴇɴ
      [eye]   ʟᴇꜰᴛ ᴄʟɪᴄᴋ » ᴘʀᴇᴠɪᴇᴡ
      [key]   ʏᴏᴜ ʜᴀᴠᴇ 3 ᴋᴇʏꜱ        (your own count, per player)
      → ᴄʟɪᴄᴋ ᴍᴇ ←

  ᴛᴏ ᴘᴜᴛ ᴏɴᴇ ᴅᴏᴡɴ: look at the block it should sit on and run

      /ffa crate place daily

  That sets the block, writes it into crates.yml and puts both
  halves of the label up, lined up over it. Take it away again with
  /ffa crate remove while looking at it.

  ᴛʜᴇ ᴄʀᴀᴛᴇꜱ:  starter  daily  vote  booster  elite  legendary
               keyall  (one key for every other crate)

  ᴛʜᴇ ᴋᴇʏꜱ are the Redstone Labs Nexo keys you already have in the
  pack - starter_key, reward_key, vote_key, magic_key, diamond_key,
  netherite_key and mystery_key. They are real items: they stack,
  they can be sold or given away, and each one is stamped with the
  crate it opens, so a key for one crate never opens another and a
  hand-made copy opens nothing.

      /ffa key give <player> daily 3
      /ffa key take <player> daily 1
      /ffa crate list

  Tebex, a vote listener or a quest can all hand keys out by
  running the give command from the console.

  ᴏᴘᴇɴɪɴɢ  Right-click spends one key and spins a reel of that
  crate's rewards, slowing to a stop on what was won. The prize is
  decided before the window opens, so closing it early still pays -
  and pays the same thing. Rare rewards are announced to everyone.

  ɴᴏ ᴋᴇʏ  The crate says so in chat and does nothing:
      [key] ʏᴏᴜ ɴᴇᴇᴅ ᴀ ᴅᴀɪʟʏ ᴋᴇʏ ᴛᴏ ᴏᴘᴇɴ ᴛʜɪꜱ ᴄʀᴀᴛᴇ.
  The daily crate is the exception: it hands over one free key a
  day (crates.yml, free-key-every) and tells them when the next one
  is due.

  ᴘʀᴇᴠɪᴇᴡ  Left-click lists everything the crate can give, best
  first, with the real odds under each one.

  Edit any of it in crates.yml: the rewards, their weights, the
  colours, the blocks, which Nexo key opens what. The label is an
  ordinary hologram once placed - restyle it with
  /ffa holo edit crate_daily.

NEW IN 2.18.0 - DONATOR BOARD
  A thank-you board with the top supporters on it, and up to three
  podium figures that wear their skins.

      /ffa donator board        put the board where you stand
      /ffa donator podium 1     the figure for first place (2, 3...)
      /ffa donator list         the standings, in chat
      /ffa donator poll         ask the store right now

  ᴡʜᴇʀᴇ ᴛʜᴇ ɴᴜᴍʙᴇʀꜱ ᴄᴏᴍᴇ ꜰʀᴏᴍ: Tebex. Put your store's secret key
  in config.yml under donator.tebex-secret (Tebex panel → your
  webstore → Game Servers → the server → Secret Key) and set
  donator.store to the address you want shown on the board. The
  store is asked every 15 minutes and every payment is counted
  once, so it is safe to ask again whenever you like.

  Tebex only hands back its recent payments, so the board starts
  from today rather than from your whole history. To seed it:

      /ffa donator set aquatq 10.00

  The figures need Citizens; the board itself does not. Both are
  ordinary holograms - restyle them in /ffa holo edit donators.

NEW IN 2.17.0 - playtime and K/D boards
  Playtime  Time on the server, as hours:minutes:seconds. It starts
            counting from this restart: the database had no column
            for it, so everyone begins at zero. Time is added when
            a player leaves and when the server stops.
  K/D       Kills divided by deaths. Only counts players with 25
            kills or more, or the board is a list of people who got
            one kill and logged off. Change that with
            kdr-minimum-kills in holograms.yml.

      /ffa holo create topplaytime top-playtime
      /ffa holo create topkd top-kdr

NEW IN 2.16.0 - leaderboards
  Floating boards like the ones you sent: a heading, the word
  LEADERBOARD under it, then ten places.

  Six boards:  kills, deaths, streak (best streak), balance,
               playtime and K/D.

  TO PUT ONE UP: stand exactly where it should float and type

      /ffa holo create topkills top-kills
      /ffa holo create topdeaths top-deaths
      /ffa holo create topstreak top-streak
      /ffa holo create topbalance top-balance

  The first word after create is your own name for it; the second
  is the template. Then /ffa holo to move it, resize it, turn it,
  or put a panel behind it, same as any other board.

  The numbers come from the database once a minute rather than
  every tick - reading the whole player table is far too expensive
  to do while drawing. Change that, the number of places, the
  badges (① ② ③) or how a row reads in holograms.yml, under
  leaderboards:.

  Any line anywhere can use them: <top_kills_1> is a whole row,
  <top_kills_1_name> and <top_kills_1_value> are its two halves.

  PLAYTIME is not there. Nothing records it yet - it needs a new
  column and a tracker. Say the word and it's the next thing.

NEW IN 2.15.1 - shulkers and trims on the main shop menu
  Two tiles join the main /shop menu by themselves, sitting either
  side of your categories. They open a small screen instead of
  buying straight away.

  Shulker box  One tile, all sixteen colours. 1,500 tokens.
  Trim         Pattern, then colour, then which piece it goes on.
               2,500 tokens. All 18 patterns and all 11 colours.
               No smithing table and no template item: the piece
               you are WEARING comes back trimmed, and the tile
               shows you the piece already wearing it before you
               pay. Nothing is charged until that last click.

  TO SET THE PRICES: /ffa shopedit. The same two tiles are on that
  screen, in the same places. Click one and set buy like any item.

  Which colours, which patterns and where the tiles sit are in
  shop.yml under pickers:. Delete a colour to stop selling it, or
  set enabled: false to take a tile off the shop. Your own shop
  items and prices are not touched.

  The candles are off. They are still written in shop.yml with
  enabled: false, so candle: enabled: true brings them back.

  One thing to know about trims: they show on normal armour. On
  Nexo armour (the nitro gear) the pack draws its own model over
  the top, so the trim will not be visible on those.

NEW IN 2.14.0 - everything cleaned up like Select Kit
  Shop         Just the items. No favourites, search, history,
               balance or locked premium tile. With one category,
               /shop opens straight into it.
               TO MAKE YOUR SHOP THE CHEST YOU FILLED: look at that
               chest and type  /ffa shopedit capture
               The shop becomes that chest, slot for slot, with
               enchants and potions kept. Items the old shop sold
               keep their price; new ones start at 100 tokens - set
               them in /ffa shopedit (or the book in the corner of
               /shop). Your old shop.yml is saved next to it first
               as shop-before-capture-<date>.yml.
  Black market Two offers either side of a clock in the middle.
               The clock only says when it rotates. Two offers per
               rotation now (offers-per-cycle in blackmarket.yml).
  Quests       Two tiles: Daily and Weekly. Each opens its 3
               quests - name, one line, progress, reward. A tile
               shines when something is ready to claim. Click a
               finished quest to claim it.
               3 daily + 3 weekly (quests.yml, tiers:).
  Killstreaks  Every level is its own dye, lime up to red.
               Levels you've reached shine.
  Holograms    A board made from a template now takes the
               template's whole look, not just its lines.
               Personal boards re-show themselves if anything hid
               them.

From 2.13.2 on:
  NPCs no longer glow when you look at them. You
  still get the small sparkle and sound. npcs.yml, highlight:
    glow: true      brings the glow back
    enabled: false  turns off the sparkle and sound as well

  From 2.13.1: adding or recapturing an item in the black market or the
  shop editor threw "We don't have enchantment_glint_override!"
  for almost every item. Now it works, and if an item can ever not
  be read, nothing half-made is left in the file.

  After the restart, open /ffa marketedit once. If you rerolled the
  market while the Add button was broken, the failed clicks may
  have left offers you didn't finish (price 1,000, stock 3). Fix
  their price or delete them.


FIRST TIME ON 2.13? Everything below.

UPLOAD
  1. In plugins/ on the server, delete FFACore-2.12.1.jar.
     Do NOT delete the FFACore folder - your kits, NPCs, holograms
     and settings are in it.
  2. Upload plugins\FFACore-2.15.1.jar.
  3. Upload the kits.yml from the folder "kits.yml - ONLY if you
     never uploaded it" into plugins/FFACore/ and replace the old
     one. This is the 6 shulker kits. It replaces the kits you have
     now.
  4. Set up the database (below), then restart. Not /reload.

  You don't need to upload gui.yml or any other file any more.
  From this version on, an update is only: swap the jar, restart.
  The menus update themselves. Anything you changed in a file
  yourself stays the way you set it.


DATABASE (sl360_ffacore)
  Open plugins/FFACore/config.yml on the server. Near the top is
  storage:. Change it to this, with your password filled in:

    storage:
      type: mysql
      file: data.db
      host: 83.147.217.121
      port: 3306
      database: sl360_ffacore
      username: u1360_D9tBst6QXK
      password: "YOUR PASSWORD HERE"
      pool-size: 8
      options: "allowPublicKeyRetrieval=true"

  Keep the quotes around the password.

  What happens on the first start:
    - Every player's stats, tokens, kit cooldowns, quests and
      kit layouts get copied from data.db into the database. The
      console says "Imported ... rows from data.db". data.db stays
      where it is as a backup.
    - A copy of every FFACore file (kits, NPC links, holograms,
      shop, settings, all of them) goes into the database, and
      again every time one of them changes.

  Check it worked: run /ffa diagnose. The Storage line should say
    mysql (connected), 16 config files backed up - safe if this
    folder is ever lost

  If the FFACore folder ever gets deleted, put that storage: block
  back in config.yml and restart. Everything comes back from the
  database.

  If the console says "Storage could not be opened", FFACore turns
  itself off. The line after it says which setting to check. It's
  almost always the password.


KITS
  /kit shows six shulkers:
    white ꜱᴛᴀʀᴛᴇʀ   green ᴍᴇᴅɪᴀ    pink ʙᴏᴏꜱᴛᴇʀ
    yellow ᴛɪᴇʀ 1   red ᴛɪᴇʀ 2     orange ᴛɪᴇʀ 3

  What's inside them is a placeholder (iron for starter, diamond,
  netherite for tier 2 and 3). To put your own items in a kit:
    1. Put the whole loadout on yourself, armour and offhand too.
    2. /kit -> the book at the bottom right -> click the kit.
    3. Click Recapture, then click it again.

  In the same editor:
    Description  left-click, then type it in chat. | starts a new
                 line. Right-click clears it.
    Name         hold nothing, click it, type the name in chat. It
                 comes out in small caps.

  Who gets which kit (LuckPerms):
    ꜱᴛᴀʀᴛᴇʀ   everyone
    ᴍᴇᴅɪᴀ     ffacore.kit.media
    ʙᴏᴏꜱᴛᴇʀ   ffacore.kit.booster
    ᴛɪᴇʀ 1    ffacore.kit.tier1
    ᴛɪᴇʀ 2    ffacore.kit.tier2
    ᴛɪᴇʀ 3    ffacore.kit.tier3
  e.g.  /lp group media permission set ffacore.kit.media true

  Players see all six. One they don't have says "Locked." and
  right-clicking it shows what's inside.


WHAT CHANGED
  Quests       One row per tier, centred. Each quest: a small icon,
               one short line ("Deal 400 hearts of damage."), the
               progress bar, the reward and the time left. No info
               tile. The "nothing to claim" tile is gone - Claim All
               only shows up when something is ready.
  Kits         Select Kit like your screenshot. Tooltip is the name
               plus "Left-click to claim. / Right-click to edit the
               layout." Kit Layout has the same layout as before
               with a small icon in the title.
  Killstreaks  Each rung shows its streak as the stack number and
               only says what it pays. No items / effects / "not
               yet". Chat lines are short with no prefix, and the
               big title is now a small subtitle.
  Discord NPC  No menu. It puts the message in chat like your
               screenshot, with discord.gg/MX4jBJaDCB. /discord
               does the same.
  Trash        Glass on every edge, the bin is everything inside,
               a cauldron button at the bottom (no lava bucket).
  Settings     Two tidy blocks of six with glass between, no gaps.
               Each one: the name, one short line, then
               "● ENABLED — CLICK TO DISABLE". The "nothing to
               reset" tile is gone. Reset All only shows once you've
               changed something.
  All menus    Plain grey glass round the edge instead of purple,
               and a small icon in each title.
  NPC labels   The quest label is just the title and CLICK ME now.
               Labels stay upright, so the title no longer slides
               over the text when you stand close and look up.
               Trash has the bin icon, Settings the gear, Discord
               the Discord logo.


THINGS THAT CHANGE ON THEIR OWN WHEN YOU UPDATE
  - The ender pearl cooldown switch turns OFF (vanilla cooldown
    only), like you asked. Turn it back on in /ffa serversettings
    if you want it.
  - NPCs only glow when you look at them. They don't grow any
    more. To get the growing back: npcs.yml, highlight:, grow: true.


NOT TESTED
  - How it looks in a real game. Every menu was opened on a test
    server and checked slot by slot, but not on a client.
  - MySQL itself. I don't have the password, so the import and
    the file copies were tested on the plugin's own database
    type. Watch the console on the first start.
